# https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles/issues/54

org.videolan.vlc .avi all

com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX .m4a all
com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX .m4p all
com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX .m4v all
com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX .mp3 all
com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX .mp4 all

com.microsoft.VSCode .coffee all
com.microsoft.VSCode .css all
com.microsoft.VSCode .css all
com.microsoft.VSCode .diff all
com.microsoft.VSCode .erb all
com.microsoft.VSCode .hbs all
com.microsoft.VSCode .haml all
com.microsoft.VSCode .js all
com.microsoft.VSCode .md all
com.microsoft.VSCode .patch all
com.microsoft.VSCode .rake all
com.microsoft.VSCode .rb all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sass all
com.microsoft.VSCode .scss all
com.microsoft.VSCode .slim all
com.microsoft.VSCode .txt all
com.microsoft.VSCode .yml all

com.microsoft.VSCode plain-text all
com.microsoft.VSCode public.source-code all
